Alpha k layer combination (#13)
SpecialeBajs/speciale-rapport: article/Method/alpha-k-layer-combination.tex

\subsection{Optimizing layer combination}
\subsubsection{Removing $\alpha_k$}
% Overvej om denne sektion bør flyttes til appendix med en reference til den.

> Before trying to optimize $\alpha_k$ we wanted to investigate what impact it has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before trying to optimize $\alpha_k$ we wanted to investigate what impact it had.
```

> Before trying to optimize $\alpha_k$ we wanted to investigate how large the impact of it is.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before trying to optimize $\alpha_k$ we wanted to investigate what impact it has.
```

> A simple experiment to see the impact of $\alpha_k$ is by simply removing it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simplest experiment is to remove it.
```

> If this results in small changes in performance, it can indicate that it would not be worthwhile to pursue the opportunity to optimize $\alpha_k$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this results in small changes in performance, it could indicate that it would not be worthwhile to pursue the opportunity to optimize $\alpha_k$.
```

\begin{equation}
    \mathbf{e}_u = \sum_{k=0}^{K} \mathbf{e}_u^{(k)},
    \label{eq:lightgcn-sum}
\end{equation}
The result of the experiment can be seen in \autoref{subsubsec:remove-alpha-k}

\subsubsection{Optimizing $\alpha_k$}
% Definer matematikken

> The initial idea of optimizing $\alpha_k$ is to change each layer's effect depending on how many connections each node has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial idea of optimizing $\alpha_k$ was to change each layer's effect depending on how many connections each node has.
```

An example can be seen \autoref{tab:alpha-example}.
The numbers shown on the table are arbitrary and different variables need to be tested to see how well it performs.

> The intuition behind this is that each given node needs different kinds of impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intuition behind this is that the effect of each layer in the GCN being dependent on the number of connections that the node has would be beneficial.
```

A node with only 1 connection will not benefit much from the first convolution but will be richer in information in the third convolution.

> For a node with 200 connections, the third convolution might actually be harmful, as the node gets impacted too much by too many nodes, where 1 convolution is enough to make it perform well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a node with 200 connections, the third convolution might actually be harmful, as the node gets impacted too much by too many nodes, where 1 convolution is enough to make it perform optimally.
```
